Today it is June 13, 2026. This day is rather unremarkable save for the fact that I decided to write this post today. I don't put much thought into the details of my life, but many things are about to change as I go into college. So I thought I would write a post about my life in this particular day as a reminder to my future self. So, what was I doing on June 13, 2026?

To start, I woke up early today at around 6:30 AM. I had a checkup at 8:30 AM for my right wrist, as it had been hurting for around 8 months now. I got up, took a shower, and got dressed. As I prepared, I heard a familiar and devilish noise that had been wearing my sanity thin for three whole days: the noise of a chainsaw. Some neighbor decided to clear the trees from their patch of land, so for three days and counting, from morning to afternoon, I could hear the buzz of a chainsaw. Suffice it to say, it had been driving me insane. After I got dressed I went downstairs to eat breakfast and I left the house with my mom to the hospital. 

I had a prior checkup with the orthopedist I was gonna see, and I didn't have a good time. The orthopedist just got off vacation and he had a lot of patients to get through. The secretary gave us a time of 9:30 AM. We were there until noon. Look, I understand that there were a lot of patients, but why give me a time of 9:30 if you can't even accommodate me! You just wasted my time! Anyway, this time things went quickly and I got my checkup. The orthopedist didn't find any abnormalities with the X-ray of my wrist, and he suspected that the pain had to do with the tendons and ligaments. However he didn't give a proper diagnosis. He suggested that I undergo therapy, which I will start next Friday. The entire checkup lasted not even 5 minutes and he got paid a decent bit of money. No wonder why every mom in the world wants their child to be a doctor.

After the checkup I went to the house of some relatives for lunch, because it was fiesta over there. After eating I soon left and returned home. I spent the next few hours working on the website you are reading this on. Programming, without fail, will always make me a little crazy, and that was certainly true in creating this website. I have never touched web development before so there was a lot to learn, and a lot to be frustrated about. Regardless, I was able to finish a very important part of the website. I won't go into the details, but what I finished was a system that automatically registers articles like this, and displays them on the homepage. 

Finally, that brings us to the present as I am writing this. I did not expect the post to be this long, but I guess I had a more interesting day than I realized. Also, the chainsaw noises stopped for the day so I finally have a moment of silence and peace! Hopefully they have finished today, because I cannot bear another day of constant loud buzzing. So that's all for me today and I'll see you next time (hopefully).